- [Instructor] Before we begin the course,
let's talk a little bit
about what you need to know ahead of time
to ensure you get the most out of it.
The course teaches tools and techniques
for teams using Git.
It is not a step-by-step course on Git fundamentals,
so you should be comfortable
with basic Git commands.
The course uses Ubuntu
and we do a lot of work on the command line,
so it's important that you can work in a terminal.
During demonstrations,
I will edit a lot of files with Vim to save time.
However, you can use a text editor
if it works better for you.
Continuous integration and continuous delivery
are another topic we'll discuss.
Make sure you have a general overview of these areas
and the software development lifecycle.
Also, the course uses some sample
Java projects built with Maven.
It isn't necessary that you understand
these technologies completely,
but you should be able to grasp
the concept of a programming language
and a build tool to get the most out of the course.
If you understand these concepts,
you'll do fine throughout the course,
and I'll be there to guide you each step of the way.
Finally, I want to make sure this course
provides you with valuable skills you can use.
If you work as a developer, a build engineer,
or an administrator for applications,
this course has some really valuable content
that you can apply to your work.
If this sounds like a fit for you,
join me in the course to learn ways
teams can better manage, build,
and test code with Git.